README.md, before:

eResearch cookbook - 2 minute recipes for scientists
==================

A template for capturing task recipes for repeatable scientific practices in a consistent format and hosted in a centralised online repository.

    e.g. envisioning simple 1-page instructional guides for common day-to-day research tasks (think modularised mini-man pages). 

    Login to a remote client

    Transferring data from CSV file to database

    Query SPARQL endpoint

    Job submission pattern on cluster

 The recipes are intended to be concrete, instance based examples, specific to certain tasks, software or technologies. They are short operations manuals that assume little background on behalf of the user. They don't attempt to explain all the principles or deep knowledge. Just get the job done quickly, correctly, using best practice and starting with examples.  We can link these to more detailed educational resources such as software carpentry. (when you are too busy or just starting out, a good example that exactly fits your need/task is invaluable!)

==================
If you would like to contribute, head over to https://etherpad.mozilla.org/sciencelab-2014summersprint-eresearch-cookbook

Also check the example template (in-progress) on http://uoa-eresearch.github.io/eresearch-cookbook/

For potenial recipes that need writing or we are thinking about writing - go here to add your own or pick one to start working on...
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UOfBA2SiTQZVOMwGOHfxEBN06dlSqOmzIuAT4FLzSDA/edit?usp=sharing

Commit message:

move some wording around
Felt it would add more value if we made the introduction a little shorter (moved a sentence to below). This seems like a great project that could use contributions, but it's been dormant for about 2 years now. Any intentions on starting up again? It has some serious potential.

README.md, after:

eResearch cookbook - 2 minute recipes for scientists
==================

Envisioning simple 1-page instructional guides for common day-to-day research tasks.

# Some Examples

    Login to a remote client

    Transferring data from CSV file to database

    Query SPARQL endpoint

    Job submission pattern on cluster

 The recipes are intended to be concrete, instance based examples, specific to certain tasks, software or technologies. They are short operations manuals that assume little background on behalf of the user. They don't attempt to explain all the principles or deep knowledge. Just get the job done quickly, correctly, using best practice and starting with examples.  We can link these to more detailed educational resources such as software carpentry. (when you are too busy or just starting out, a good example that exactly fits your need/task is invaluable!)

==================

We hope to establish a template for capturing task recipes for repeatable scientific practices in a consistent format and hosted in a centralised online repository.

If you would like to contribute, head over to https://etherpad.mozilla.org/sciencelab-2014summersprint-eresearch-cookbook

Also check the example template (in-progress) on http://uoa-eresearch.github.io/eresearch-cookbook/

For potenial recipes that need writing or we are thinking about writing - go here to add your own or pick one to start working on...
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UOfBA2SiTQZVOMwGOHfxEBN06dlSqOmzIuAT4FLzSDA/edit?usp=sharing
